[Music]
okay time to make use of that magnifying
glass I know you're hiding in your
drawer you're about to test your
detective and logical skills and since I
said test don't forget to count your
correct answers and check the results at
the end of the video ready to dive in
good I've got just the thing
[Music]
number one two buckets you have two
buckets of water in the first bucket the
water is heated up to 100 degrees in the
second bucket the water is cooled down
to minus 100 degrees you need to
simultaneously drop two coins into the
buckets which coin will reach the bottom
faster the coin thrown into the warm
water the other one sink at all because
the water in the bucket is frozen let it
go number two a punctured tyre a man was
driving his car all the way from New
York to Boston only at the end of the
trip did he discover that one of his
tires had been punctured from the very
beginning still he managed to reach his
destination successfully and his journey
wasn't affected by this problem at all
how is it possible
[Music]
the punctured tire was a spare one
number three notorious bank robbers
detectives had been trying to catch two
infamous bank robbers for several years
and finally after another robbery they
managed to capture one of the criminals
police officers were interrogating him
for two days but he said nothing about
the stolen money or his accomplices
whereabouts still in the next 24 hours
the detectives managed to find the place
where the money was hidden it was a
small house in the suburbs in its
basement there was a man who seemed very
excited to see the police he said he had
been trapped in the house already for a
week nobody visited him and he was
starting to run out of food that's why
he was so happy to read the good news in
the paper
the police officers immediately realized
it was the accomplice they'd been
looking for Wow if he was trapped in the
basement how could he get a hold of
fresh newspapers uh-huh for a useful
fruit which fruit can you use to sip
water
[Music]
strawberry ah gotcha Aniyah strawberries
are fruits if they have seeds on the
outside five guard robots
you've got trapped in a bizarre room
shiny made of steel and with no windows
it has two doors one leads to freedom
some danger is looming behind the other
you don't know which door can save your
life two robots are guarding these doors
they're ready to allow you to leave
through one of the doors but once you
choose a door you can't change your mind
on the bright side you can ask one of
the robots a single question but one of
them always tells the truth and the
second always lies again
you don't know which is which what
questions should you ask if I ask the
other robot which door was safe what
would it answer the honest robot is
going to tell you the truth and point at
the dangerous door and the liar is going
to well lie and also point at the
dangerous door all you need to do is to
leave through the other door number six
a tricky ploy a big company director
returned from lunch and discovered that
his safe had been broken into and all
the money had been stolen inside he saw
a note don't even consider calling the
police
well the man did exactly the opposite he
called the police and told them he
suspected that his half-brother David
had committed this crime one of the
police officers visited David and asked
him several questions but the man showed
the detective his right arm which was in
a cast look I broke my arm just a couple
of days ago I couldn't get into my
brother's office or write a note the
police officer had nothing to do but
leave he decided to have lunch in a cafe
across the road from David's apartment
half an hour later the detective noticed
the man leaving home at that very moment
the detective realized that the brother
had stolen the money and rushed
arrest him how did he understand the
police officer noticed that while
leaving his apartment David had the cast
not on his right but his left arm seven
a smuggler police knew that one business
man smuggled diamonds but they couldn't
prove it
the man flew all over the world and
always brought along a small suitcase
since the businessman never used Hotel
toiletries there was always the same
necessities in his suitcase his pyjamas
a shirt a pair of jeans socks a razor a
tube of toothpaste some shaving cream a
hairbrush soap a bottle of perfume and a
towel the detective invited to help with
the case look through this list and
found out what object the businessman
used to smuggle diamonds can you figure
it out as well the man smuggled precious
gems in the tube of toothpaste he always
carried it in his luggage but never had
a toothbrush and must have had some bad
breath as well number eight family ties
little Jamie points at someone and says
she's the daughter of the only child of
my grandmother is this someone related
to Jamie
yes it's his sister
nein a dangerous box you're locked in a
basement if you want to get out of there
you have to put your hand in one of
three boxes the first box contains rats
the second is filled with snakes and in
the third one there are spiders which
box should you choose considering you
don't know which species are hidden in
the boxes you need to figure out which
animals are the least dangerous rats
spread loads of diseases that can affect
your health to catch some nasty germ
it's enough to touch the rodent about
15% of all snake species are dangerous
to people out of more than 35,000
existing spider species only several
dozens weigh less than 1% can't produce
venom that's toxic to people in other
words up for spiders even though the
whole experience might be disgusting
it's the least risky still you go first
number 10 important documents John the
director of a big company managed to
persuade his partners to sign a
super-important agreement he then put
this document into a folder and left it
on the table in his private office when
he arrived at work the next morning the
folder was gone John gathered all the
employees who were in the office at that
time and questioned them the cleaning
lady said that she had been busy washing
the floor and hadn't paid attention to
anything around the designer explained
that he hadn't left his working place
even once
what's more being an artist he didn't
have any interest in agreement documents
the accountant admitted that he had
entered John's office to have some
documents signed but once he noticed
there was no one inside he immediately
left who stole the folder with the
agreement
[Music]
it was the designer otherwise how would
he know that the missing folder had an
agreement inside number 11 the day of
the week riddle if today is Friday what
day of the week will it be in 72 days
Sunday 72 days equals two weeks plus two
more days Friday plus two days is Sunday
12 socks puzzle Mathi where's either
only black or only white socks one
evening he's in a hurry
getting ready for a romantic dinner with
his girlfriend suddenly the power goes
out the guy has 10 white and 10 black
socks in his drawer but all of them are
mixed if it's completely dark in the
room and Matthew can't see anything how
many socks must he pull out of the
drawer to get to matching ones just
three in a set of three socks he's bound
to have two socks of the same color 13
spring months what can you see in the
middle of March and April that you'll
never see in any other month
[Music]
the letter R are you kidding me
number 14 a ghost story Jessica is in an
abandoned house that has a bad
reputation for being haunted the girl is
in a dark room and she knows that
there's a ghost inside at the same time
she's the only one in the room how is it
possible Jessica is the ghost number 15
a border issue once a car was found
right on the border between two
countries the car was empty and its
trunk was filled with gold coins the
customs officers immediately realized
that someone was trying to smuggle gold
across the border but which country's
border guards should investigate this
case border guards aren't supposed to
investigate anything at all that's what
the police do I know you've been waiting
for the results hmm let's see if you've
solved one to five riddles practice more
consider turning puzzle solving into an
everyday activity or look for some
detective courses if you've answered
correctly to six to ten riddles you're
halfway there
not a certified detective yet but a
detective's assistant for sure if you've
had 11 to 15 soft cases Hey welcome
onboard you have the full right to be on
the same team with Sherlock Holmes and
other legendary detectives hey if you
learn something new today then give the
video a like and share it with a friend
and here are some other videos I think
you'll enjoy mm-hmm just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]